# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --universal --output-file requirements.txt requirements.in
absl-py==2.2.2
    # via
    #   fiddle
    #   rouge-score
    #   tensorboard
accelerate==1.6.0
    # via
    #   lm-eval
    #   peft
accelerated-scan==0.2.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
addict==2.4.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
aiobotocore==2.21.1
    # via s3fs
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.11.18
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
    #   s3fs
    #   tritonclient
aioitertools==0.12.0
    # via aiobotocore
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
alembic==1.15.2
    # via optuna
aniso8601==10.0.1
    # via flask-restful
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
anyio==4.9.0
    # via starlette
apricot-select==0.6.1
    # via pomegranate
asciitree==0.3.3
    # via zarr
asteroid-filterbanks==0.4.0
    # via pyannote-audio
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
attrdict==2.0.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonlines
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
audioop-lts==0.2.1 ; python_full_version >= '3.13'
    # via
    #   standard-aifc
    #   standard-sunau
audioread==3.0.1
    # via
    #   lhotse
    #   librosa
babel==2.17.0
    # via sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via gdown
bitsandbytes==0.45.0 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64'
    # via nemo-toolkit
black==24.10.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
boto3==1.37.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
botocore==1.37.1
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
braceexpand==0.1.7
    # via
    #   megatron-energon
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   webdataset
brotli==1.1.0
    # via geventhttpclient
cdifflib==1.2.6
    # via
    #   nemo-text-processing
    #   nemo-toolkit
certifi==2025.1.31
    # via
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   gevent
    #   pyzmq
    #   soundfile
    #   zstandard
chardet==5.2.0
    # via mbstrdecoder
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
clap @ git+https://github.com/markjosims/clap-ipa.git@7e6256fb175faa1ef5aafc59e259bb04a1bb2a2f
    # via -r requirements.in
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   black
    #   flask
    #   jiwer
    #   lhotse
    #   megatron-energon
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
    #   wandb
clip==0.2.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
cloudpickle==3.1.1
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   nvidia-modelopt
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   colorlog
    #   ipython
    #   loguru
    #   pytest
    #   sacrebleu
    #   sphinx
    #   tqdm
    #   tqdm-multiprocess
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
contourpy==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
coverage==7.8.0
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pytest-cov
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cytoolz==1.0.1
    # via lhotse
dataproperty==1.1.0
    # via
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tabledata
datasets==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   evaluate
    #   lm-eval
    #   nemo-toolkit
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   librosa
decord==0.6.0 ; sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via nemo-toolkit
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via
    #   numcodecs
    #   opentelemetry-api
diffusers==0.33.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   lm-eval
    #   multiprocess
distance==0.1.3
    # via g2p-en
docker-pycreds==0.4.0
    # via wandb
docopt==0.6.2
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
editdistance==0.8.1
    # via
    #   nemo-text-processing
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   panphon
einops==0.8.1
    # via
    #   einops-exts
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-audio
einops-exts==0.0.4
    # via nemo-toolkit
epitran==1.26.0
    # via -r requirements.in
evaluate==0.4.3
    # via lm-eval
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
faiss-cpu==1.10.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via nemo-toolkit
fasteners==0.19 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten'
    # via zarr
fasttext==0.9.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
fiddle==0.3.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   multi-storage-client
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flask==3.1.0
    # via flask-restful
flask-restful==0.3.10
    # via nemo-toolkit
fonttools==4.57.0
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.6.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2024.12.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   s3fs
    #   torch
ftfy==6.3.1
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   wordfreq
future==1.0.0
    # via pyloudnorm
g2p-en==2.1.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
gdown==5.2.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
gevent==25.4.1
    # via geventhttpclient
geventhttpclient==2.0.2
    # via tritonclient
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.44
    # via wandb
graphviz==0.20.3
    # via fiddle
greenlet==3.2.1 ; (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'AMD64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'WIN32') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'aarch64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'amd64') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'ppc64le') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'win32') or (python_full_version < '3.14' and platform_machine == 'x86_64') or platform_python_implementation == 'CPython'
    # via
    #   gevent
    #   sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.71.0
    # via
    #   nvidia-pytriton
    #   tensorboard
    #   tritonclient
h11==0.14.0
    # via uvicorn
h5py==3.13.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
huggingface-hub==0.30.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   evaluate
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   peft
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   speechbrain
    #   timm
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hydra-core==1.3.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
hyperpyyaml==1.2.2
    # via speechbrain
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ijson==3.3.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
imageio==2.37.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.6.1
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   nvidia-pytriton
    #   opentelemetry-api
inflect==7.5.0
    # via
    #   g2p-en
    #   nemo-text-processing
    #   nemo-toolkit
iniconfig==2.1.0
    # via pytest
intervaltree==3.1.0
    # via lhotse
ipython==9.1.0
    # via mediapy
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
isort==5.13.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jamo==0.4.1
    # via epitran
janome==0.5.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jieba==0.42.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   sphinx
    #   torch
jiwer==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nemo-toolkit
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.4.2
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   nemo-text-processing
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
    #   speechbrain
jsonlines==4.0.0
    # via lm-eval
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via multi-storage-client
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
julius==0.2.7
    # via torch-audiomentations
kaldi-python-io==1.2.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
kaldiio==2.18.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
kenlm @ https://github.com/kpu/kenlm/archive/master.zip
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.8
    # via matplotlib
kornia==0.8.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
kornia-rs==0.1.8
    # via kornia
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via wordfreq
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
latexcodec==3.0.0
    # via pybtex
lazy-loader==0.4
    # via librosa
levenshtein==0.27.1
    # via texterrors
lhotse==1.31.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
libcst==1.7.0
    # via fiddle
librosa==0.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   nemo-toolkit
lightning==2.4.0
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-audio
lightning-utilities==0.14.3
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
lilcom==1.8.1
    # via lhotse
llvmlite==0.44.0
    # via numba
lm-eval==0.4.8
    # via nemo-toolkit
locate==1.1.1
    # via wordfreq
loguru==0.7.3
    # via texterrors
lxml==5.4.0
    # via sacrebleu
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
marisa-trie==1.2.1
    # via
    #   epitran
    #   language-data
markdown==3.8
    # via tensorboard
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markdown2==2.5.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==4.0.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
matlab==0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
matplotlib==3.10.1
    # via
    #   mediapy
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via ipython
mbstrdecoder==1.1.4
    # via
    #   dataproperty
    #   pytablewriter
    #   typepy
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mediapy==1.1.6
    # via nemo-toolkit
megatron-energon==5.2.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
ml-dtypes==0.4.1
    # via tensorstore
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via
    #   inflect
    #   lm-eval
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   wordfreq
multi-storage-client==0.19.0
    # via megatron-energon
multidict==6.4.3
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
munkres==1.1.4
    # via panphon
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   typing-inspect
nemo-text-processing==1.1.0 ; 'aarch' not in platform_machine and 'arm' not in platform_machine
    # via nemo-toolkit
nemo-toolkit==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
nerfacc==0.5.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   pomegranate
    #   torch
ninja==1.11.1.4 ; sys_platform != 'darwin'
    # via nvidia-modelopt
nltk==3.9.1
    # via
    #   g2p-en
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   rouge-score
nose==1.3.7
    # via apricot-select
numba==0.61.0
    # via
    #   apricot-select
    #   librosa
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   resampy
numcodecs==0.15.1
    # via zarr
numexpr==2.10.2
    # via lm-eval
numpy==1.26.4
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   apricot-select
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   decord
    #   diffusers
    #   evaluate
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   fasttext
    #   g2p-en
    #   h5py
    #   imageio
    #   kaldi-python-io
    #   kaldiio
    #   lhotse
    #   librosa
    #   lilcom
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapy
    #   megatron-energon
    #   ml-dtypes
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   numba
    #   numcodecs
    #   numexpr
    #   nvidia-modelopt
    #   nvidia-pytriton
    #   onnx
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   panphon
    #   peft
    #   pomegranate
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyloudnorm
    #   pymcubes
    #   pystoi
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   resampy
    #   rouge-score
    #   sacrebleu
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   soundfile
    #   sox
    #   soxr
    #   speechbrain
    #   taming-transformers
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tensorstore
    #   texterrors
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchprofile
    #   torchsde
    #   torchvision
    #   transformers
    #   trimesh
    #   tritonclient
    #   webdataset
    #   zarr
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.77 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.5.1.17 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.11.1.6 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.7.77 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.3 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-modelopt==0.23.2 ; sys_platform != 'darwin'
    # via nemo-toolkit
nvidia-modelopt-core==0.23.2 ; sys_platform != 'darwin'
    # via nvidia-modelopt
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.26.2 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.6.77 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
nvidia-pytriton==0.5.14
    # via nemo-toolkit
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   taming-transformers
onnx==1.17.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
open-clip-torch==2.24.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
opencc==1.1.9
    # via nemo-toolkit
opentelemetry-api==1.32.1
    # via multi-storage-client
optuna==4.3.0
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-pipeline
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   black
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hydra-core
    #   kornia
    #   lazy-loader
    #   lhotse
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   nvidia-modelopt
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pooch
    #   pytest
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   speechbrain
    #   sphinx
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   tritonclient
    #   typepy
pandas==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   nemo-text-processing
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   seaborn
    #   tbparse
pangu==4.0.6.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
panphon==0.21.2
    # via epitran
parameterized==0.9.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pathvalidate==3.2.3
    # via pytablewriter
peft==0.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lm-eval
    #   nemo-toolkit
pesq==0.0.4
    # via nemo-toolkit
pexpect==4.9.0 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten' and sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via ipython
pillow==11.2.1
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   imageio
    #   matplotlib
    #   mediapy
    #   megatron-energon
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   torchvision
plac==1.4.5
    # via texterrors
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   pooch
    #   wandb
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pomegranate==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pooch==1.8.2
    # via librosa
portalocker==3.1.1
    # via sacrebleu
prettytable==3.16.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
primepy==1.3
    # via torch-pitch-shift
progress==1.6
    # via nemo-toolkit
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==3.20.3
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   nvidia-pytriton
    #   onnx
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorboardx
    #   tritonclient
    #   wandb
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   wandb
ptyprocess==0.7.0 ; sys_platform != 'emscripten' and sys_platform != 'win32'
    # via pexpect
pulp==3.1.1 ; sys_platform != 'darwin'
    # via nvidia-modelopt
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pyannote-audio==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyannote-core==5.0.0
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-database==5.1.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
pyannote-metrics==3.2.1
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-audio
pyannote-pipeline==3.0.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pyarrow==19.0.1
    # via datasets
pybind11==2.13.6
    # via
    #   fasttext
    #   lm-eval
    #   texterrors
pybtex==0.24.0
    # via
    #   pybtex-docutils
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pybtex-docutils==1.0.3
    # via sphinxcontrib-bibtex
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.3
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   nvidia-modelopt
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   wandb
pydantic-core==2.33.1
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
pydub==0.25.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   rich
    #   sphinx
pyloudnorm==0.1.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
pymcubes==0.1.6
    # via nemo-toolkit
pympi-ling==1.70.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pynini==2.1.6.post1 ; 'aarch' not in platform_machine and 'arm' not in platform_machine
    # via nemo-text-processing
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via matplotlib
pypinyin==0.54.0
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pypinyin-dict
pypinyin-dict==0.9.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
pystoi==0.4.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
pytablewriter==1.2.1
    # via lm-eval
pytest==8.3.5
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==6.1.1
    # via pytest-cover
pytest-cover==3.0.0
    # via pytest-coverage
pytest-coverage==0.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
pytest-mock==3.14.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
pytest-runner==6.0.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   botocore
    #   matplotlib
    #   multi-storage-client
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pandas
    #   typepy
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via pydantic-settings
python-rapidjson==1.20
    # via tritonclient
pytorch-lightning==2.5.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   taming-transformers
pytorch-metric-learning==2.8.1
    # via pyannote-audio
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   flask-restful
    #   pandas
    #   typepy
pywin32==310 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via portalocker
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hyperpyyaml
    #   lhotse
    #   libcst
    #   lightning
    #   megatron-energon
    #   multi-storage-client
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   panphon
    #   peft
    #   pyannote-database
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pybtex
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   timm
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
    #   webdataset
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via nvidia-pytriton
rapidfuzz==3.13.0
    # via
    #   jiwer
    #   levenshtein
    #   nemo-toolkit
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2024.11.6
    # via
    #   diffusers
    #   epitran
    #   nemo-text-processing
    #   nltk
    #   nvidia-modelopt
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   panphon
    #   sacrebleu
    #   sacremoses
    #   texterrors
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   wordfreq
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   diffusers
    #   epitran
    #   evaluate
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pooch
    #   sphinx
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
    #   wandb
resampy==0.4.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   nerfacc
    #   nvidia-modelopt
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   typer
roman-numerals-py==3.1.0
    # via sphinx
rouge-score==0.1.2
    # via
    #   lm-eval
    #   nemo-toolkit
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
ruamel-yaml==0.18.10
    # via
    #   hyperpyyaml
    #   nemo-toolkit
ruamel-yaml-clib==0.2.12 ; python_full_version < '3.13' and platform_python_implementation == 'CPython'
    # via ruamel-yaml
s3fs==2024.12.0
    # via megatron-energon
s3transfer==0.11.3
    # via boto3
sacrebleu==2.5.1
    # via
    #   lm-eval
    #   nemo-toolkit
sacremoses==0.1.1
    # via
    #   nemo-text-processing
    #   nemo-toolkit
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   diffusers
    #   nvidia-modelopt
    #   peft
    #   timm
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.6.1
    # via
    #   librosa
    #   lm-eval
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pomegranate
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.15.2
    # via
    #   apricot-select
    #   librosa
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   nvidia-modelopt
    #   pomegranate
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   pyloudnorm
    #   pymcubes
    #   pystoi
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   speechbrain
    #   torchdiffeq
    #   torchsde
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
semver==3.0.4
    # via pyannote-audio
sentence-transformers==4.1.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   speechbrain
sentry-sdk==2.26.1
    # via wandb
setproctitle==1.3.5
    # via wandb
setuptools==79.0.1
    # via
    #   epitran
    #   fasttext
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   marisa-trie
    #   nemo-text-processing
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   nvidia-modelopt
    #   panphon
    #   pytablewriter
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
    #   tensorboard
    #   torch
    #   triton
    #   wandb
    #   zope-event
    #   zope-interface
sh==2.2.2
    # via nvidia-pytriton
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   attrdict
    #   docker-pycreds
    #   flask-restful
    #   geventhttpclient
    #   pybtex
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rouge-score
    #   tensorboard
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via
    #   intervaltree
    #   pyannote-core
soundfile==0.13.1
    # via
    #   lhotse
    #   librosa
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-audio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sox==1.5.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
soxr==0.5.0.post1
    # via librosa
speechbrain==1.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-audio
sphinx==8.2.3
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   sphinxcontrib-bibtex
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-bibtex==2.6.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
sqlitedict==2.1.0
    # via lm-eval
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
standard-aifc==3.13.0 ; python_full_version >= '3.13'
    # via librosa
standard-chunk==3.13.0 ; python_full_version >= '3.13'
    # via standard-aifc
standard-sunau==3.13.0 ; python_full_version >= '3.13'
    # via librosa
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.13.3
    # via
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   torch
tabledata==1.3.4
    # via pytablewriter
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via
    #   lhotse
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-metrics
    #   sacrebleu
taming-transformers==0.0.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
tbparse==0.0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
tcolorpy==0.1.7
    # via pytablewriter
tensorboard==2.19.0
    # via
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   tbparse
tensorboard-data-server==0.7.2
    # via tensorboard
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
    # via pyannote-audio
tensorstore==0.1.71
    # via nemo-toolkit
termcolor==3.0.1
    # via texterrors
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
textdistance==4.6.3
    # via nemo-toolkit
texterrors==0.5.1
    # via nemo-toolkit
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.7.0
    # via nemo-toolkit
timm==1.0.15
    # via open-clip-torch
tokenizers==0.21.1
    # via transformers
toolz==1.0.0
    # via cytoolz
torch==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   accelerate
    #   accelerated-scan
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   julius
    #   kornia
    #   lhotse
    #   lightning
    #   lm-eval
    #   megatron-energon
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   nerfacc
    #   nvidia-modelopt
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   peft
    #   pomegranate
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   speechbrain
    #   taming-transformers
    #   timm
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
    #   torchaudio
    #   torchdiffeq
    #   torchmetrics
    #   torchprofile
    #   torchsde
    #   torchvision
torch-audiomentations==0.12.0
    # via pyannote-audio
torch-pitch-shift==1.2.5
    # via torch-audiomentations
torchaudio==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   speechbrain
    #   torch-audiomentations
    #   torch-pitch-shift
torchdiffeq==0.2.5
    # via nemo-toolkit
torchmetrics==1.7.1
    # via
    #   lightning
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   pyannote-audio
    #   pytorch-lightning
torchprofile==0.0.4 ; sys_platform != 'darwin'
    # via nvidia-modelopt
torchsde==0.2.6
    # via nemo-toolkit
torchvision==0.22.0
    # via
    #   nvidia-modelopt
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   taming-transformers
    #   timm
    #   torchprofile
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apricot-select
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lhotse
    #   lightning
    #   megatron-energon
    #   nemo-text-processing
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   nltk
    #   nvidia-modelopt
    #   open-clip-torch
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pyannote-pipeline
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-metric-learning
    #   sacremoses
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   speechbrain
    #   taming-transformers
    #   tqdm-multiprocess
    #   transformers
tqdm-multiprocess==0.0.11
    # via lm-eval
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   matplotlib-inline
trampoline==0.1.2
    # via torchsde
transformers==4.48.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   lm-eval
    #   nemo-text-processing
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   peft
    #   sentence-transformers
trimesh==4.6.8
    # via nemo-toolkit
triton==3.3.0 ; platform_machine == 'x86_64' and sys_platform == 'linux'
    # via torch
tritonclient==2.51.0
    # via nvidia-pytriton
typeguard==4.4.2
    # via inflect
typepy==1.3.4
    # via
    #   dataproperty
    #   pytablewriter
    #   tabledata
typer==0.15.2
    # via
    #   nvidia-pytriton
    #   pyannote-database
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   asteroid-filterbanks
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   bitsandbytes
    #   fastapi
    #   fiddle
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   librosa
    #   lightning
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pyannote-core
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sox
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typeguard
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
    #   wandb
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via nvidia-pytriton
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
unicodecsv==0.14.1
    # via panphon
unidecode==1.3.8
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
    #   sentry-sdk
    #   tritonclient
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via nemo-toolkit
wandb==0.19.10
    # via nemo-toolkit
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   ftfy
    #   prettytable
    #   prompt-toolkit
webdataset==0.2.111
    # via
    #   megatron-energon
    #   nemo-toolkit
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   tensorboard
wget==3.2
    # via
    #   nemo-text-processing
    #   nemo-toolkit
win32-setctime==1.2.0 ; sys_platform == 'win32'
    # via loguru
word2number==1.1
    # via lm-eval
wordfreq==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   aiobotocore
    #   deprecated
    #   nemo-text-processing
    #   nemo-toolkit
    #   nvidia-pytriton
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.20.0
    # via aiohttp
zarr==2.18.7
    # via nemo-toolkit
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-event==5.0
    # via gevent
zope-interface==7.2
    # via gevent
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via lm-eval
